# MessagesBase

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**avatar_url** | **String** | The URL of the user's avatar.  Can be null only if client_gravatar was passed, which means that the user has not uploaded an avatar in Zulip, and the client should compute the gravatar URL by hashing the user's email address itself for this user.  | [optional] [default to None]
**client** | **String** | A Zulip \"client\" string, describing what Zulip client sent the message.  | [optional] [default to None]
**content** | **String** | The content/body of the message.  | [optional] [default to None]
**content_type** | **String** | The HTTP `content_type` for the message content.  This will be `text/html` or `text/x-markdown`, depending on whether `apply_markdown` was set.  | [optional] [default to None]
**display_recipient** | [***swagger::OneOf2<String,Vec<serde_json::Value>>**](swagger::OneOf2<String,Vec<serde_json::Value>>.md) | Data on the recipient of the message; either the name of a stream or a dictionary containing basic data on the users who received the message.  | [optional] [default to None]
**id** | **isize** | The unique message ID.  Messages should always be displayed sorted by ID.  | [optional] [default to None]
**is_me_message** | **bool** | Whether the message is a [/me status message][status-messages]  [status-messages]: /help/format-your-message-using-markdown#status-messages  | [optional] [default to None]
**reactions** | [**Vec<models::EmojiReaction>**](EmojiReaction.md) | Data on any reactions to the message.  | [optional] [default to None]
**recipient_id** | **isize** | A unique ID for the set of users receiving the message (either a stream or group of users).  Useful primarily for hashing.  | [optional] [default to None]
**sender_email** | **String** | The Zulip display email address of the message's sender.  | [optional] [default to None]
**sender_full_name** | **String** | The full name of the message's sender.  | [optional] [default to None]
**sender_id** | **isize** | The user ID of the message's sender.  | [optional] [default to None]
**sender_realm_str** | **String** | A string identifier for the realm the sender is in.  Unique only within the context of a given Zulip server.  E.g. on `example.zulip.com`, this will be `example`.  | [optional] [default to None]
**stream_id** | **isize** | Only present for stream messages; the ID of the stream.  | [optional] [default to None]
**subject** | **String** | The `topic` of the message.  Currently always `\"\"` for private messages, though this could change if Zulip adds support for topics in private message conversations.  The field name is a legacy holdover from when topics were called \"subjects\" and will eventually change.  | [optional] [default to None]
**topic_links** | [**Vec<models::MessagesBaseTopicLinks>**](MessagesBase_topic_links.md) | Data on any links to be included in the `topic` line (these are generated by [custom linkification filters](/help/add-a-custom-linkifier) that match content in the message's topic.)  **Changes**: This field contained a list of urls before   Zulip 4.0 (feature level 46).  New in Zulip 3.0 (feature level 1): Previously, this field was called `subject_links`; clients are recommended to rename `subject_links` to `topic_links` if present for compatibility with older Zulip servers.  | [optional] [default to None]
**submessages** | **Vec<String>** | Data used for certain experimental Zulip integrations.  | [optional] [default to None]
**timestamp** | **isize** | The UNIX timestamp for when the message was sent, in UTC seconds.  | [optional] [default to None]
**type_** | **String** | The type of the message: `stream` or `private`.  | [optional] [default to None]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


