# MessagesBase
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AvatarUrl** | **String** | The URL of the user&#39;s avatar.  Can be null only if client_gravatar was passed, which means that the user has not uploaded an avatar in Zulip, and the client should compute the gravatar URL by hashing the user&#39;s email address itself for this user.  | [optional] 
**Client** | **String** | A Zulip &quot;&quot;client&quot;&quot; string, describing what Zulip client sent the message.  | [optional] 
**Content** | **String** | The content/body of the message.  | [optional] 
**ContentType** | **String** | The HTTP &#x60;content_type&#x60; for the message content.  This will be &#x60;text/html&#x60; or &#x60;text/x-markdown&#x60;, depending on whether &#x60;apply_markdown&#x60; was set.  | [optional] 
**DisplayRecipient** | [**OneOfstringarray**](OneOfstringarray.md) | Data on the recipient of the message; either the name of a stream or a dictionary containing basic data on the users who received the message.  | [optional] 
**Id** | **Int32** | The unique message ID.  Messages should always be displayed sorted by ID.  | [optional] 
**IsMeMessage** | **Boolean** | Whether the message is a [/me status message][status-messages]  [status-messages]: /help/format-your-message-using-markdown#status-messages  | [optional] 
**Reactions** | [**EmojiReaction[]**](EmojiReaction.md) | Data on any reactions to the message.  | [optional] 
**RecipientId** | **Int32** | A unique ID for the set of users receiving the message (either a stream or group of users).  Useful primarily for hashing.  | [optional] 
**SenderEmail** | **String** | The Zulip display email address of the message&#39;s sender.  | [optional] 
**SenderFullName** | **String** | The full name of the message&#39;s sender.  | [optional] 
**SenderId** | **Int32** | The user ID of the message&#39;s sender.  | [optional] 
**SenderRealmStr** | **String** | A string identifier for the realm the sender is in.  Unique only within the context of a given Zulip server.  E.g. on &#x60;example.zulip.com&#x60;, this will be &#x60;example&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**StreamId** | **Int32** | Only present for stream messages; the ID of the stream.  | [optional] 
**Subject** | **String** | The &#x60;topic&#x60; of the message.  Currently always &#x60;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&#x60; for private messages, though this could change if Zulip adds support for topics in private message conversations.  The field name is a legacy holdover from when topics were called &quot;&quot;subjects&quot;&quot; and will eventually change.  | [optional] 
**TopicLinks** | [**MessagesBaseTopicLinks[]**](MessagesBaseTopicLinks.md) | Data on any links to be included in the &#x60;topic&#x60; line (these are generated by [custom linkification filters](/help/add-a-custom-linkifier) that match content in the message&#39;s topic.)  **Changes**: This field contained a list of urls before   Zulip 4.0 (feature level 46).  New in Zulip 3.0 (feature level 1): Previously, this field was called &#x60;subject_links&#x60;; clients are recommended to rename &#x60;subject_links&#x60; to &#x60;topic_links&#x60; if present for compatibility with older Zulip servers.  | [optional] 
**Submessages** | **String[]** | Data used for certain experimental Zulip integrations.  | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **Int32** | The UNIX timestamp for when the message was sent, in UTC seconds.  | [optional] 
**Type** | **String** | The type of the message: &#x60;stream&#x60; or &#x60;private&#x60;.  | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$MessagesBase = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsMessagesBase  -AvatarUrl null `
 -Client null `
 -Content null `
 -ContentType null `
 -DisplayRecipient null `
 -Id null `
 -IsMeMessage null `
 -Reactions null `
 -RecipientId null `
 -SenderEmail null `
 -SenderFullName null `
 -SenderId null `
 -SenderRealmStr null `
 -StreamId null `
 -Subject null `
 -TopicLinks null `
 -Submessages null `
 -Timestamp null `
 -Type null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$MessagesBase | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

